I wasn't really thinking about like the
possibility of becoming a pro player I
had this whole like plaid like mapped
out and obviously it's had no affinity
for the game I'm a competitive person so
I wanted to beat my friends I played the
game a lot more
what do you think you're communicating
when you're walking down here right now
I'm screaming I'm flanking this could be
possibly the game winning to fight or
any of those problems with you the
system that we had wasn't necessarily
working it's scary to think like any
moment could be the last time that
you're gonna be up there
[Music]
what you just saw is a trailer for a
video I just recently released with omen
by HP it is called good game well played
that is the name of the series and the
very first episode is all about bio
frost now I wanted to give you guys a
little bit of a glimpse behind the
scenes on what it was like doing this
series and what it was like building it
crafting it we've actually been working
on it for quite some time the idea of it
was to do just a deep dive into an
individual player because there's a lot
of content out there that it was really
in-depth on a league or an eSport or on
a team but there's not much where you
just spend a lot of time digging into a
player's so not just an interview that I
do where I learn about bio press pass
but also analysis where actually we have
a mean from mobile it exudes in and just
like like play by play break down with
him to kind of give an insight into his
mind we have some fun and we showcase
one of his talents which is piano
playing either way my whole point is
this video is really cool I'd love for
you to go check it out and by the way if
you aren't interested in some of the
other stuff that is in that video they
also separately posted an uncut unedited
version of the hour-long interview that
I did with him that we ended up using in
the very first episode so if you want to
check that out I've included links to
both of these videos in the description
and I also would love to know your
feedback
do you like the unedited video more with
just a long-form interview do you like
the episode with like the different
segments and elements try and learn what
you guys really like here so either way
this is all over on the owned by HP
YouTube channel again I've linked that
in the description super excited to get
into this and to have you guys and
hopefully enjoy it and maybe we'll see
some more episodes coming up soon
you